this subdirectory contains standalone snakemake pipeline for assessing the performance of various logistic susie implementations implemented in the `gibss` package (https://github.com/karltayeb/gibss-mono)

simulations are defined through a SimulationSpec dataclass, and serialized using a lightweight serialization protocol that can handle local importable methods (let's clarify what we mean by this, be more technical). methods (which comprise both a method: logistic susie with the global jj approximation, it's hyperparameters: $L$ the number of variables, etc.)

simulations are replicated. the two parameter controlling simulation replication are batch_size and n_batches. for small simulations we can set batch_size = 100 to avoid the overhead of thousands of snakemake rules. for longer running simulations we may take batch_size = 1 and get replicates by increasing the number of batches. there is a configuration file that maps simulation names to n_batches and batch_size so that we can easily scale. note: increasing n_batches does not orphan existing simulation runs, but changing batch_size will trigger a rerun. For example, batch 0 of size 100 is different that batch 0 of size 50. 

the basic structure of the simulation + model fitting is like this:
`results/{simulation_hash}/simulation_spec.yaml`
`results/{simulation_hash}/simulations.parquet`
`results/{simulation_hash}/{batch_number}/{fit_hash}/fits.parquet`
`results/{simulation_hash}/{batch_number}/{fit_hash}/method_spec.yaml`
that is, results are organized by unique simulation. each simulation is executed in batches, and for each batch and each model we compute the fits. there is a manifest which is a yaml file containing all the all the dehydrated simulation specs and model specs.


downstream of this we have snakemake rules for summarizing and plotting results. these most typically involve aggregating results from multiple batches (of the same simulation) or multiple simulations. we define a collection as a set of simulation specs x model specs. the most atomic collection is a single simulation spec x model spec. larger collections are generated by subsetting a table generated from a table of atomic collections generated by the manifest. collections are the unit that we produce summary output on. the general workflow is this. (1) define the collection, (2) materialize symlinks for all the relevant simulations and fits under `results/collections/{collection_name}` (3) generate the desired summaries on the collection. 

evaluation: 
1. pip calibration
2. fdp vs power
3. credible set coverage (possibly conditional on filters: purity, logbf_ser, cs_size)
4. credible set power (possibly conditional on filters: purity, logbf_ser, cs_size)
5. credible set size (at a given nominal coverage level, which approach has smaller cs? at a given empirical coverage level, which method has smaller cs?)


the simulations are mean to reflect a range of scenarios where one might consider applying Bayesian variable selection for binary outcomes.

1. GSEA scenarios: we simulate the various gene sets as the design matrix.
2. GWAS like scenarios: we first simulate data using stdpopsim, we then simulate data 
3. Generic variable selection scenarios.


